Exercise: Customize and Save a Perspective

1. Examine Available Perspectives
	- There are four options to open an Eclipse perspective:
		a. Window > Perspective > Open Perspective > ...
		b. Select the perspective by name/icon at the far right of the main toolbar
		c. Click the Open Perspective icon (just to the left of the perspective names on the main toolbar)
		d. Begin typing a perspective name into the Quick Access toolbar
			i. Located just to the left of the Open Perspective icon in the main toolbar
			ii. Push Ctrl+3 to access from the keyboard
	- To get a feel for perspectives as a whole, and to take a look at various available views, examine the following perspectives. Consider keeping a few brief notes regarding views and perspectives that you think may be useful.
		a. Java
		b. Java EE
		c. Debug
		d. Type Hierarchy
		e. Git
		f. Team Synchronizing

2. Modify Views and Editors
	- After a thorough look at several available perspectives and views, select the perspective that is closest to what you think you'd like.
	- Add, remove, and edit views and editors
		a. Open Views (two methods)
			i. Window > Show View > ...
			ii. Begin typing a perspective name into the Quick Access toolbar
				a. Located just to the left of the Open Perspective icon in the main toolbar
				b. Push Ctrl+3 to access from the keyboard
		b. Close Views and Editors (two options)
			i. Click the close icon (X) on the view's title bar
			ii. Right click on the title bar and select Close
		c. Edit Views
			i. Examine/hover/click the icons in the view's menu to explore options
			ii. Click the menu icon (small triangle) to explore view menu options

3. Customize Menus, Toolbars, and Shortucts
	- Now is your chance to customize the menu bar and main toolbar. To access the customization menu, click Window > Perspective > Customize Perspective.
		a. Tool Bar Visibility
			- Configure displayed toolbar items
		b. Menu Visibility
			- Configure displayed menu items
		c. Action Set Availability
			- Add toolbar/menu items by action set
		d. Shortcuts
			- Configure items displayed under the specified submenus
			
4. Save Your Perspective
	- To save your newly configured perspective, click 
		Window > Perspective > Save Perspective As 
	and enter a name. 