Customizing Eclipse

Browsing Eclipse Preferences
	The Preferences dialog pages allow you to set how you want Eclipse to operate. Take some time to explore some of the more commonly used menus and options, which are provided below.
	You can browse the Preferences dialog pages by looking through all the titles in the left pane or search a smaller set of titles by using the filter field at the top of the left pane. While brief details of some dialog pages are provided below, full documentation can be found here: http://help.eclipse.org/mars/index.jsp. Details of how to find different portions of the documentation are provided below.
	
	1. General Preferences
		http://help.eclipse.org/mars/index.jsp:
		Search for and click "Workbench User Guide". Then click the "Show in table of contents" icon and expand:
		Workbench User Guide > Reference > Preferences > ...
			General
				Appearance - General appearance settings
					Color Theme - Apply overall color and style themes
					Colors and Fonts - Set many of the fonts and colors and used by eclipse components
					Label Decorations - Label Decorations allow additional information to be displayed in an item's label and icon. The  command link General > Appearance > Label Decorations preference page provides a description of each decoration and allows the selection of which decorations are visible.
				Editors
					File Associations - Add or remove file types recognized by the Workbench.  You can also associate editors with file types in the file types list.
					Structured Text Editors - Options regarding display and features for source editors
						Task Tags – View, edit, and customize task tags (TODO, FIXME, etc.)
					Text Editors- Options regarding display and features for text editors
						Annotations - Options regarding color and appearance for annotations 
						Spelling - Spell check options and configuration
				Keys - The function of the keyboard can be extensively customized in Eclipse using the  command link General > Keys preference page. Within Eclipse, key strokes and key sequences are assigned to invoke particular commands.
				Perspectives - manage the various perspectives defined in the Workbench.  
				Search - set preferences for searches.
				Web Browser - Add, remove, or edit installed web browsers

	2. Java Preferences			
		http://help.eclipse.org/mars/index.jsp:
		Search for "java preferences" and click on "Java development user guide"
		Java
			Appearance - Configure the appearance of Java elements in views
				Members Sort Order - Indicate your preferences for the Member Sort Order
			Code Style – allows to configure naming conventions, style rules and comment settings
				Formatter –  manage your code formatter profiles for the Java code formatter
			Compiler – configure the various settings related to compiling of Java source code and class file generation
				Errors/Warnings – preferences for the Errors/Warnings settings
				Task Tags –  When the tag list is not empty, the compiler will issue a task marker whenever it encounters one of the corresponding tag inside any comment in Java source code. Generated task messages will include the tag, range until the next line separator, comment ending or non-empty tag, and will be trimmed. If the same line of code carries multiple tags, they will be reported separately.
			Debug – debugging options (we’ll cover this)
			Editor – 
				Content Assist - preferences for the Content Assist settings
				Folding - preferences for the Folding settings
				Hovers - preferences for the Hovers settings
				Mark Occurrences - preferences for the Mark Occurrences settings
				Save Actions - A set of actions which are executed on each save of the Java editor can be specified on this page
				Syntax Coloring -  specifies how Java source code is rendered. Note that general text editor settings such as the background color can be configured on the general 'Text Editors' preference pages. Fonts may be configured on the general 'Colors and Fonts' preference page.
				Templates - allows to create new and edit existing templates. A template is a convenience for the programmer to quickly insert often reoccurring source code patterns.
				Typing - preferences for the smart insert settings on the  Opens the Typing preference page Java > Editor > Typing preference page. Those preferences are only considered if Smart Insert Mode appears in the status line. This can be toggled in the Edit menu.
			Properties Files Editor – preferences for the Properties Files Editor settings
			
Making Preferences Changes!
	Make the following changes to your Eclipse configuration. You may find the Eclipse documentation, filter field of the Preferences pane, and the Quick Access Toolbar useful!
	1. Install the following plugins
		a. EclEmma Java Code Coverage 2.3.2
		b. Eclipse Color Theme 1.0.0
		c. EGit - Git Team Provider 4.2.0
		
	2. Set the following key bindings (you can always change them later)
		a. Ctrl + T + R - Run JUnit test
		b. Ctrl + T + D - Debug JUnit test
		c. Ctrl + T + C - Coverage JUnit test
		d. Shft + Ctrl + L - Build clean
	
	3. Other preferences
		a. Console Buffer Size - 80000000
		b. Code Style > Formatter - Set this to your preferences. (Take some time here)!
	
	4. Preference Settings for a Dark Color Theme (optional)
		a. Preferences > General > Appearance > Colors and Fonts > Text Compare
			i. Conflicting Change Color - RED
			ii. Incoming Change Color - BLUE
			iii. Outgoing Change Color - YELLOW
			iv. Resolved Change Color - GREEN
		b. Preferences > General > Editors > Text Editors > Annotations
			i. Full Coverage - GREEN, UNDERLINED
			ii. No Coverage - RED, UNDERLINED
			iii. Partial Coverage - YELLOW, UNDERLINED
		c. Preferences > Run/Debug > Console
			i. Standard Out text color: #E6E6FA
			ii. Standard Error text color: #FFABAB
			iii. Standard In text color: #E6E6FA
			iv. Background color: #1A1A1A
